README.md, before:

# My First Webpage

### By Art Weinstein

### A basic webpage created as a first student project at Epicodus.

## Technologies Used

* HTML
* CSS

## Specs
  * Describe:  checkOne()
  * Test: The program will check if a digit contains a 1 and return "beep!":
    1. Code: 
    2. Number = 10
    3. Expected Output: beep!.

      * Describe:  checkOne()
  * Test: The program will check if a digit contains a 2 and return "boop!":
    1. Code: 
    2. Number = 20
    3. Expected Output: boop!.

## Description

This basic webpage contains a quick introduction on what I should learn during my tenure at Epicodus, as well as a list of my favorite places and picture of an adorable kitten.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

1. [Clone](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository-from-github/cloning-a-repository) this repository.
2. Open the new directory.
3. Open index.html in a browser.

## Known Bugs

* No bugs known at the moment.

## License

* [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Copyright (c) 2021 Benjamin Wilson

## Contact Information

[Email](artur.weintsein@gmail.com)

Commit message:

test function checkThree returns won't you be my neighbor? if digit contains 3.

README.md, after:

# My First Webpage

### By Art Weinstein

### A basic webpage created as a first student project at Epicodus.

## Technologies Used

* HTML
* CSS

## Specs
  * Describe:  checkOne()
  * Test: The program will check if a digit contains a 1 and return "beep!":
    1. Code: 
    2. Number = 10
    3. Expected Output: beep!.

      * Describe:  checkOne()
  * Test: The program will check if a digit contains a 2 and return "boop!":
    1. Code: 
    2. Number = 20
    3. Expected Output: boop!.

  * Test: The program will check if a digit contains a 3 and return "Won't you be my neighbor?":
    1. Code: 
    2. Number = 30
    3. Expected Output: Won't you be my neighbor?.

## Description

This basic webpage contains a quick introduction on what I should learn during my tenure at Epicodus, as well as a list of my favorite places and picture of an adorable kitten.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

1. [Clone](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository-from-github/cloning-a-repository) this repository.
2. Open the new directory.
3. Open index.html in a browser.

## Known Bugs

* No bugs known at the moment.

## License

* [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Copyright (c) 2021 Benjamin Wilson

## Contact Information

[Email](artur.weintsein@gmail.com)
